Update and move release process (#15511)
nvaccess/nvda: projectDocs/community/releaseProcess.md

# Release Process

This document provides rough guidelines for the process of developing NVDA releases.
All current and potential developers and translators should read and follow this document.
These guidelines may be broken under special circumstances.
Any concerns should be discussed via [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/discussions), issue or pull request.
 
## Release Workflow
This is the general release workflow. Information for specific community groups is provided in later sections. The production of a release consists of the following:
1. [Alpha Phase](#alpha-phase) (~7 weeks)
   - Development is done in parallel to the release process for the prior version.
   - e.g. NVDA 2020.2 is in alpha while NVDA 2020.1 is going through the Release Phase
1. [Release Phase](#release-phase) (~7 weeks)
   - [Beta1](#beta-builds) 1 week after the most recent final release
   - A new beta is released weekly as required

>    - Once a week passes with a stable beta, the 2 week [translation freeze begins](#translatable-string-freeze)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Once a beta has been stable for one week (no issues reported), the 2 week [translation freeze begins](#translatable-string-freeze)
```

   - Once the translation freeze ends, [a release candidate (RC)](#release-candidate) is created
   - A new RC is released weekly as required

>    - Once a week passes with a stable RC, the final release is created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - when an RC has been stable for one week (no issues reported), the final release is created
```

### Release phase
The release phase is intended to refine the release, with testing from wider audiences, and incorporated translations.
When no blocking issues are encountered it is expected to take ~6 weeks:
- Beta builds: ~3 weeks to receive any required fixes
  - Subsequent betas may take another week at discretion of lead developers
- 2 weeks for translation freeze (starting 3 weeks before release) 
- RC: 1 week.
  - When issues are encountered, subsequent RC's may take another week at the discretion of lead developers.

#### Beta builds
* A commit without any known serious issues, will be selected from the 'master' branch and merged into 'beta', this draws the line for features included in the release.
* Documentation changes will be reviewed. A release summary will be added to the change log for the beta.
* A tagged 'beta release' will be created for wider testing. 
* New pull requests may be now considered for squash merging straight to beta.
  - If addressing regression introduced in this release.
  - If addressing a bug in a "must have" feature for this release.
  - If addressing a critical Operating System change out of our control.

> * As appropriate new tagged beta releases will be published. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As appropriate new tagged beta releases will be published once a week.
```
